Playlist Maker is a tiny program that allows you to create playlists and prepare music files
for transferring to any audio playback device. Playlist maker allows you to select your favorite
.mp3 files and copy them to a certain folder where a fresh playlist will will be created based on
your selection.

"Add mp3 files" button - using this button you can navigate to the music folder and select
any subset of .mp3 file which you can add to the main panel. Multiselection is allowed. You can
use this button multiple times.

"Remove selected files" button - using this button you can delete .mp3 files added previously
to the main panel. To delete a file(s) you need to make a selection previosly. Files will not
be deleted from the hard disk but from this panel only.

Main Panel - a panel where all .mp3 files are shown which were selected by you and which
potentially can be copied to a today's playlist folder. You can modify the list by adding new
files from different location ("Add mp3 files") or removing already added files ("Remove selected
files").

"Create a folder for listed above files and create a playlist in it" - this button do two things:
1. copy the files listed in the panel to the today's playlist folder (by default this is
"d:\Playlists\Playlist_dd_mm_yyyy" folder with today's date in it's name)
2. creates a playlist based on the list of files which are actually in the folder. This means
that if there were already some files in this folder Playlist Maker will include this old files
to the playlist in addition to fresh selection. However this behavior depends on your choice
during coping conflicts (discussed later).

What if today's playlist folder already exists?
You'll have a message which will propose you to either replace a folder's content with the current
selection of files (in this case content of today's playlist folder will be cleared while
current selection will be copied) or to add current selection of files to the already existing
folder (in this case current selection will be added to the files which are already in the folder,
in case of any file-already-exists conflicts old files will not be replaced)